SEO and site search improvements (#34538)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/timer-service.md

> description: Learn how to implement a custom IHostedService interface with .NET.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to implement a custom IHostedService interface in C#, much like the inbuilt BackgroundService.
```
